start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
evalu
evalu
set int valu
set float valu
set object valu
set valu
get valu
init anim
set durat
overrid durat scale
get durat
get total durat
set current plai time
set current fraction
get current plai time
get start delai
set start delai
get anim valu
get anim valu
set repeat count
get repeat count
set repeat mode
get repeat mode
add updat listen
remov all updat listen
remov updat listen
set interpol
get interpol
set evalu
start without puls
start
cancel
end
resum
paus
is run
is start
revers
can revers
get name trace
commit anim frame
anim base on time
anim base on plai time
skip end valu
is initi
puls anim frame
get anim fraction
anim valu
clone
string
set allow run asynchron
get anim handler
set anim handler
do frame
set provid
add anim frame callback
add on shot commit callback
remov callback
run
auto cancel base on
post frame callback
post commit callback
get frame time
get frame delai
set frame delai
get valu
clone
get int valu
get type
invert
convert back
convert
on anim end
add state
get run anim
get target
set target
clone
set state
get tupl
jump current state
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
get spec
get anim
get chang configur
new instanc
get target type
get sourc type
start
anim base on time
set current plai time
set time listen
anim valu
init anim
evalu
evalu
set properti name
set properti
get properti name
get name trace
set int valu
set float valu
set object valu
set auto cancel
start
should auto cancel
init anim
set durat
get target
set target
setup start valu
setup end valu
anim valu
is initi
clone
string
evalu
ha valu
valu set on start
set valu set on start
get fraction
set fraction
get interpol
set interpol
get type
get valu
set valu
clone
get int valu
get valu
set valu
clone
get float valu
get valu
set valu
clone
set durat
enabl transit type
disabl transit type
is transit type enabl
set start delai
get start delai
set durat
get durat
set stagger
get stagger
set interpol
get interpol
set anim
get anim
set anim parent hierarchi
on anim end
on layout chang
on anim start
on anim cancel
on anim end
start chang anim
end chang anim
is chang layout
is run
cancel
cancel
on anim end
on anim end
layout chang
add child
show child
show child
remov child
hide child
hide child
add transit listen
remov transit listen
get transit listen
on view attach window
on view detach from window
on pre draw
on anim cancel
on anim end
on anim repeat
on anim start
on anim paus
on anim resum
get keyfram
set evalu
get type
clone
get valu
string
set int valu
set float valu
set keyfram
set object valu
set convert
setup setter
setup setter and getter
setup start valu
setup end valu
clone
set anim valu
init
set evalu
calcul valu
set properti name
set properti
get properti name
get anim valu
get properti valu
get valu fraction
get valu type
string
set properti
set int valu
calcul valu
get anim valu
clone
set anim valu
setup setter
set properti
set float valu
calcul valu
get anim valu
clone
set anim valu
setup setter
set anim valu
setup setter and getter
setup setter
set anim valu
setup setter and getter
setup setter
convert
convert
string
evalu
evalu
get keyfram
get valu
set evalu
get type
clone
creat x float keyfram
get float valu
creat y float keyfram
get float valu
creat x int keyfram
get int valu
creat y int keyfram
get int valu
set evalu
get keyfram
clone
get type
get valu
get type
get valu
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
get total durat
get interpol
is start
add listen
remov listen
get listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
get chang configur
set chang configur
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
setup start valu
setup end valu
set target
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
set allow run asynchron
get chang configur
new instanc
evalu
get valu
clone
get float valu
get type
on anim end
plai togeth
plai togeth
plai sequenti
plai sequenti
get child anim
set target
get chang configur
set interpol
get interpol
plai
cancel
end
is run
is start
get start delai
set start delai
get durat
set durat
setup start valu
setup end valu
paus
resum
start
start without puls
skip end valu
anim base on plai time
is initi
set current plai time
get current plai time
do anim frame
commit anim frame
puls anim frame
clone
on anim end
can revers
revers
string
compar
should plai togeth
get total durat
clone
add child
add sibl
add parent
add parent
get time
string
reset
set plai time
updat seek direct
get plai time
get plai time normal
is activ

befor
after
after
on frame
anticip curv
anticip curv
move intern
svg anim
svg anim
creat properti anim
creat motion anim
get curv
get fill mode
cubic curv creator
get start valu
get start valu
get start valu
get end valu
get end valu
get end valu
get valu
get valu
get valu
set attribut name
set begin
set dur
set end
set repeat count
set fill mode
set calc mode
set valu
set kei time
set kei spline
set from
set
set
get begin
get dur
get end
get from
get
get
get attribut name
get valu
get kei time
get kei spline
get repeat count
get calc mode
set kei point
set path
set rotat
get kei point
get path
get rotat
set transform type
get transform type
get svg anim type
set svg anim type
get kei valu
copi
get valu rang
get frame
evalu
linear evalu
linear evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
get valu
on init notifi
set init valu
ha init valu
set curv
anim info
anim info
set anim
get anim
set curv
get curv
set delai
get delai
set iter
get iter
set fill mode
get fill mode
set plai mode
get plai mode
set anim motion
get anim motion
set durat
get durat
set frame event
get frame event
on js engin destroi
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
move
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
set context and callback
get oper
add transform oper
clear
oper
comput blend matrix4
set transform oper
plai transform anim
move
statu listen
statu listen
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
remov start listen
remov start listen
remov stop listen
remov stop listen
remov repeat listen
remov repeat listen
remov paus listen
remov paus listen
remov resum listen
remov resum listen
remov idl listen
remov idl listen
remov prepar listen
remov prepar listen
clear start listen
clear stop listen
clear repeat listen
clear paus listen
clear resum listen
clear idl listen
clear prepar listen
clear all listen
notifi start listen
notifi stop listen
notifi repeat listen
notifi paus listen
notifi resum listen
notifi idl listen
notifi prepar listen
spring properti
spring properti
spring properti
set mass
mass
set stiff
stiff
set damp
damp
is valid
posit
veloc
get type
build
critic damp model
critic damp model
posit
veloc
get type
overdamp model
overdamp model
posit
veloc
get type
underdamp model
underdamp model
posit
veloc
get type
keyfram
keyfram
is valid
get kei time
set kei valu
get kei valu
set curv
get curv
spring curv
spring curv
move intern
string
add properti anim
blend
animat data
animat data
anim
get valu
set valu
spring chain item
spring chain item
get index
set valu
valu
set veloc
veloc
mock platform window
mock platform window
request frame
get request frame cnt
reset request frame cnt
trigger on frame
trigger frame
get current timestamp nano
trigger frame
regist vsync callback
set root render node
set nano frame time
repaint
paint child
restor
measur
anim test util
anim test util
creat platform window
creat window
anim mock
anim mock
on post flush
init control
get posit result
get anim
set posit result
card transit control
card transit control
regist transit listen
get card rect
get anim
set control stiff
control stiff
set control damp
control damp
get default over spring properti
get default friction
set stiff transfer
stiff transfer
set damp transfer
damp transfer
set stiff coeffici
stiff coeffici
set damp coeffici
damp coeffici
set interv
interv
set min interv
min interv
set max interv
max interv
set frame delai
frame delai
simpl spring chain
simpl spring chain
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
set delta valu
set valu
flush anim
end posit
cancel
get control node
get size
get control stiff
set control stiff
get control damp
set control damp
get spring adapt
set spring adapt
get frame delta
set frame delta
set damp transfer
set stiff transfer
set decor
set min decor
set max decor
schedul
schedul
schedul
on frame
start
stop
is activ
get context
anim
open implicit anim
close implicit anim
add kei frame
add kei frame
build
add updat listen
add updat listen
notifi updat listen
remov updat listen
set time point
get time point
set curv
get curv
get prop anim map
get transform convertor
get anim name
clear
pars anim style
updat prop anim
extent pair
extent pair
extent pair
lead
trail
scroll motion
scroll motion
get current posit
get current veloc
is complet
move
is valid
spring motion
spring motion
move
get type
get current posit
get current veloc
get end valu
is complet
is complet
set accuraci
reset
get motion type
scroll spring motion
scroll spring motion
move
is complet
get current posit
param transfer
param transfer
transfer
get param
set param
linear param transfer
linear param transfer
transfer
exp param transfer
exp param transfer
transfer
curv anim
curv anim
get valu
set curv
set revers curv
set evalu
is support run asynchron
run async
get curv
spring node
spring node
get index
set index
get frame delta
set frame delta
set adapt
set min decor
set max decor
set decor
get adapt
set valu
end valu
cancel
transfer param
get valu
get veloc
on anim
on updat
on end
set delta valu
reset node
is run
is anim end
get distanc
set distanc
cubic curv
cubic curv
move intern
string
share transit control
share transit control
regist transit listen
ha share transit
get anim
interpol
interpol
get durat
set durat
on timestamp chang
on normal timestamp chang
on init notifi
is support run asynchron
run async
anim group
anim group
add anim
remov anim
plai
stop
curv
curv
move
move intern
string
revers curv
revers curv
move intern
complementari curv
complementari curv
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
elast curv
elast curv
move intern
step curv
step curv
move intern
string
custom curv
custom curv
move intern
respons spring motion
respons spring motion
move intern
string
get respons
get damp ratio
get blend durat
get current posit
get current veloc
is complet
get motion type
move
on timestamp chang
nativ curv
nativ motion path option
friction motion
friction motion
reset
get current posit
get current veloc
is complet
get veloc final posit
get posit
get veloc
move
get final posit
get time posit
get motion type
get control index
reset control
flush anim
set delta valu
animat base
animat base
move
anim
set evalu
set context and callback
set anim stop callback
get anim option
set anim option
get anim statu
on pre flush
on post anim flush
on post flush
spring anim
spring anim
spring anim
spring anim
get valu
simpl spring node
simpl spring node
end valu
transfer param
get valu
set valu
set delta valu
reset node
get veloc
set veloc
get transfer param
on anim
pictur frame
pictur frame
pictur frame
get durat
get pictur info
updat durat scale
pictur anim
pictur anim
add pictur
clear pictur
get valu
auto scale
on timestamp chang
set durat scale
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
get statu
is stop
is run
is pend
set durat
get durat
set start delai
set iter
set fill mode
set tempo
appli option
set anim direct
set allow run asynchron
get allow run asynchron
updat plai time
get plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
get id
get anim scale
set observ
get next
get size
get control node
get control index
get node
notifi control index chang
notifi node add
notifi node delet
flush anim
tick anim
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
curv
curv
bilater spring node
bilater spring node
notifi next
set delta valu
page transit listen
page transit listen
add page transit listen
add page transit listen
remov page transit listen
remov page transit listen
clear page transit listen
notifi page transit listen
add node
get next
get size
get control node
get node
get control index
dump node
flush anim
set delta valu
border edg helper
border edg helper
get
set
set
set
border radiu helper
border radiu helper
get
set
dimens helper
dimens helper
get
set
keyfram anim
keyfram anim
add keyfram
add keyfram
replac keyfram
get valu
get keyfram
set curv
run async
properti anim
properti anim
properti anim
set start
add animat
get animat
set curv
add listen
get init
set init
share transit effect
share transit effect
get type
set share element
get dest share element
get src share element
get anim
get share id
set current share element
get current share element
creat anim
appli anim
allow
get share transit effect
share transit exchang
share transit exchang
creat anim
appli anim
allow
share transit static
share transit static
creat anim
appli anim
allow
evalu
evalu
init anim
overrid durat scale
add updat listen
remov all updat listen
remov updat listen
start without puls
start
cancel
end
resum
paus
is run
is start
revers
can revers
commit anim frame
anim base on time
anim base on plai time
skip end valu
is initi
puls anim frame
anim valu
clone
do frame
add anim frame callback
add on shot commit callback
remov callback
run
auto cancel base on
post frame callback
post commit callback
clone
invert
convert back
convert
on anim end
add state
clone
jump current state
append chang configur
creat constant state
new instanc
start
anim base on time
anim valu
init anim
evalu
evalu
start
should auto cancel
init anim
anim valu
is initi
clone
evalu
ha valu
valu set on start
clone
clone
clone
enabl transit type
disabl transit type
is transit type enabl
on anim end
on layout chang
on anim start
on anim cancel
on anim end
start chang anim
end chang anim
is chang layout
is run
cancel
cancel
on anim end
on anim end
layout chang
add child
show child
show child
remov child
hide child
hide child
add transit listen
remov transit listen
on view attach window
on view detach from window
on pre draw
on anim cancel
on anim end
on anim repeat
on anim start
on anim paus
on anim resum
clone
clone
init
calcul valu
calcul valu
clone
calcul valu
clone
convert
convert
evalu
evalu
clone
creat x float keyfram
creat y float keyfram
creat x int keyfram
creat y int keyfram
clone
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
is start
add listen
remov listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
new instanc
evalu
clone
on anim end
plai togeth
plai togeth
plai sequenti
plai sequenti
plai
cancel
end
is run
is start
paus
resum
start
start without puls
skip end valu
anim base on plai time
is initi
do anim frame
commit anim frame
puls anim frame
clone
on anim end
can revers
revers
compar
should plai togeth
clone
add child
add sibl
add parent
add parent
reset
updat seek direct
is activ

befor
after
after
on frame
move intern
creat properti anim
creat motion anim
cubic curv creator
copi
evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
on init notifi
ha init valu
on js engin destroi
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
move
add transform oper
clear
oper
comput blend matrix4
plai transform anim
move
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
remov start listen
remov start listen
remov stop listen
remov stop listen
remov repeat listen
remov repeat listen
remov paus listen
remov paus listen
remov resum listen
remov resum listen
remov idl listen
remov idl listen
remov prepar listen
remov prepar listen
clear start listen
clear stop listen
clear repeat listen
clear paus listen
clear resum listen
clear idl listen
clear prepar listen
clear all listen
notifi start listen
notifi stop listen
notifi repeat listen
notifi paus listen
notifi resum listen
notifi idl listen
notifi prepar listen
mass
stiff
damp
is valid
posit
veloc
build
posit
veloc
posit
veloc
posit
veloc
is valid
spring curv
spring curv
move intern
add properti anim
blend
anim
valu
veloc
request frame
reset request frame cnt
trigger on frame
trigger frame
trigger frame
regist vsync callback
repaint
paint child
restor
measur
creat platform window
creat window
on post flush
init control
regist transit listen
control stiff
control damp
stiff transfer
damp transfer
stiff coeffici
damp coeffici
interv
min interv
max interv
frame delai
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
flush anim
end posit
cancel
schedul
schedul
schedul
on frame
start
stop
is activ
anim
open implicit anim
close implicit anim
add kei frame
add kei frame
build
add updat listen
add updat listen
notifi updat listen
remov updat listen
clear
pars anim style
updat prop anim
extent pair
extent pair
extent pair
lead
trail
scroll motion
scroll motion
is complet
move
is valid
spring motion
spring motion
move
is complet
is complet
reset
move
is complet
transfer
transfer
transfer
is support run asynchron
run async
end valu
cancel
transfer param
on anim
on updat
on end
reset node
is run
is anim end
cubic curv
cubic curv
move intern
regist transit listen
ha share transit
on timestamp chang
on normal timestamp chang
on init notifi
is support run asynchron
run async
anim group
anim group
add anim
remov anim
plai
stop
move
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
is complet
move
on timestamp chang
nativ curv
nativ motion path option
friction motion
friction motion
reset
is complet
move
reset control
flush anim
move
anim
on pre flush
on post anim flush
on post flush
end valu
transfer param
reset node
on anim
updat durat scale
add pictur
clear pictur
auto scale
on timestamp chang
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
is stop
is run
is pend
appli option
updat plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
notifi control index chang
notifi node add
notifi node delet
flush anim
tick anim
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
curv
curv
notifi next
add page transit listen
add page transit listen
remov page transit listen
remov page transit listen
clear page transit listen
notifi page transit listen
add node
dump node
flush anim
add keyfram
add keyfram
replac keyfram
run async
add animat
add listen
share transit effect
share transit effect
creat anim
appli anim
allow
creat anim
appli anim
allow
creat anim
appli anim
allow
evalu
evalu
init anim
overrid durat scale
add updat listen
remov all updat listen
remov updat listen
start without puls
start
cancel
end
resum
paus
is run
is start
revers
can revers
commit anim frame
anim base on time
anim base on plai time
skip end valu
is initi
puls anim frame
anim valu
clone
do frame
add anim frame callback
add on shot commit callback
remov callback
run
auto cancel base on
post frame callback
post commit callback
clone
invert
convert back
convert
on anim end
add state
clone
jump current state
append chang configur
creat constant state
new instanc
start
anim base on time
anim valu
init anim
evalu
evalu
start
should auto cancel
init anim
anim valu
is initi
clone
evalu
ha valu
valu set on start
clone
clone
clone
enabl transit type
disabl transit type
is transit type enabl
on anim end
on layout chang
on anim start
on anim cancel
on anim end
start chang anim
end chang anim
is chang layout
is run
cancel
cancel
on anim end
on anim end
layout chang
add child
show child
show child
remov child
hide child
hide child
add transit listen
remov transit listen
on view attach window
on view detach from window
on pre draw
on anim cancel
on anim end
on anim repeat
on anim start
on anim paus
on anim resum
clone
clone
init
calcul valu
calcul valu
clone
calcul valu
clone
convert
convert
evalu
evalu
clone
creat x float keyfram
creat y float keyfram
creat x int keyfram
creat y int keyfram
clone
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
is start
add listen
remov listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
new instanc
evalu
clone
on anim end
plai togeth
plai togeth
plai sequenti
plai sequenti
plai
cancel
end
is run
is start
paus
resum
start
start without puls
skip end valu
anim base on plai time
is initi
do anim frame
commit anim frame
puls anim frame
clone
on anim end
can revers
revers
compar
should plai togeth
clone
add child
add sibl
add parent
add parent
reset
updat seek direct
is activ

befor
after
after
on frame
move intern
creat properti anim
creat motion anim
cubic curv creator
copi
evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
evalu
on init notifi
ha init valu
on js engin destroi
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
animat transform oper
move
add transform oper
clear
oper
comput blend matrix4
plai transform anim
move
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
add start listen
add stop listen
add repeat listen
add paus listen
add resum listen
add idl listen
add prepar listen
remov start listen
remov start listen
remov stop listen
remov stop listen
remov repeat listen
remov repeat listen
remov paus listen
remov paus listen
remov resum listen
remov resum listen
remov idl listen
remov idl listen
remov prepar listen
remov prepar listen
clear start listen
clear stop listen
clear repeat listen
clear paus listen
clear resum listen
clear idl listen
clear prepar listen
clear all listen
notifi start listen
notifi stop listen
notifi repeat listen
notifi paus listen
notifi resum listen
notifi idl listen
notifi prepar listen
mass
stiff
damp
is valid
posit
veloc
build
posit
veloc
posit
veloc
posit
veloc
is valid
spring curv
spring curv
move intern
add properti anim
blend
anim
valu
veloc
request frame
reset request frame cnt
trigger on frame
trigger frame
trigger frame
regist vsync callback
repaint
paint child
restor
measur
creat platform window
creat window
on post flush
init control
regist transit listen
control stiff
control damp
stiff transfer
damp transfer
stiff coeffici
damp coeffici
interv
min interv
max interv
frame delai
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
flush anim
end posit
cancel
schedul
schedul
schedul
on frame
start
stop
is activ
anim
open implicit anim
close implicit anim
add kei frame
add kei frame
build
add updat listen
add updat listen
notifi updat listen
remov updat listen
clear
pars anim style
updat prop anim
extent pair
extent pair
extent pair
lead
trail
scroll motion
scroll motion
is complet
move
is valid
spring motion
spring motion
move
is complet
is complet
reset
move
is complet
transfer
transfer
transfer
is support run asynchron
run async
end valu
cancel
transfer param
on anim
on updat
on end
reset node
is run
is anim end
cubic curv
cubic curv
move intern
regist transit listen
ha share transit
on timestamp chang
on normal timestamp chang
on init notifi
is support run asynchron
run async
anim group
anim group
add anim
remov anim
plai
stop
move
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
move intern
is complet
move
on timestamp chang
nativ curv
nativ motion path option
friction motion
friction motion
reset
is complet
move
reset control
flush anim
move
anim
on pre flush
on post anim flush
on post flush
end valu
transfer param
reset node
on anim
updat durat scale
add pictur
clear pictur
auto scale
on timestamp chang
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
is stop
is run
is pend
appli option
updat plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
notifi control index chang
notifi node add
notifi node delet
flush anim
tick anim
on control node chang
on node add
on node delet
curv
curv
notifi next
add page transit listen
add page transit listen
remov page transit listen
remov page transit listen
clear page transit listen
notifi page transit listen
add node
dump node
flush anim
add keyfram
add keyfram
replac keyfram
run async
add animat
add listen
share transit effect
share transit effect
creat anim
appli anim
allow
creat anim
appli anim
allow
creat anim
appli anim
allow
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
is start
add listen
remov listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
new instanc
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
is stop
is run
is pend
appli option
updat plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
is start
add listen
remov listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
new instanc
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
is stop
is run
is pend
appli option
updat plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
start
cancel
end
paus
resum
is paus
is start
add listen
remov listen
add paus listen
remov paus listen
remov all listen
append chang configur
creat constant state
clone
can revers
revers
puls anim frame
start without puls
skip end valu
is initi
anim base on plai time
new instanc
anim
anim
anim
attach schedul
ha schedul
add interpol
remov interpol
clear interpol
add proxi control
remov proxi control
clear proxi control
is stop
is run
is pend
appli option
updat plai time
trigger frame
plai motion
plai
revers
forward
backward
paus
resum
stop
finish
cancel
